Dear, you are hurting me.
Oh.
Excuse me?
wife
Oh, what are you doing?
Come and sit here
wife
Our room is a little small
But don't worry.
When I have money in the future
I'll definitely get us a bigger house
How is this small?
This is the most luxurious house I have ever seen
Just my husband
You spend money like this
This 100 taels of silver is not enough for you to spend a few days
And me?
I've come up with a better way to make money
Continue to be your snail powder?
The taste of snail powder is too heavy
And the audience is not high
Businesspeople have their own tricks
So I'm going to take you to pick up a good thing
Hmm go
Ah husband
What is this, don't be afraid, lady
This is called a crayfish.
He doesn't bite. He doesn't hurt.
After this?
It's the baby that made us rich
Could it be that this thing can spit gold?